^ Phase One

Running site with easy trash day lookup and a reminder service for email and SMS. Zones are hard-coded and limited to Vancouver only.

^^ Business

* form as a company
** notify socialtext

* Vantrash mission:
** Short term: every citizen of vancouver can have email reminders by donation and paid sms reminders
** Longer term: every canadian citizen can have email reminders  by donation and paid sms reminders

* Payment?
** Adwords?
** Google Checkout?
** Paypal?

Write Stories:
* First time user hits the site
* First time user clicks their zone
* First time user finds their zone via Postal Code
* First time user creates an email reminder
* First time user creates an sms reminder
* User changes their reminder
* User deletes their reminder
* User can view zone statistics
** zone views
** zone pickupdays
** zone nextpickup
** reminders per zone

Optional:
* Vantrash Android app

^^ Marketing

* Add google adwords
* blog? blogger? vantrash.blogger.com?
* wiki? socialtext? http://socialtext.net/vantrash?
* group? googlegroups? Google for Domains?
* luke@vantrash.ca? kevinj@vantrash.ca?
* GetSatisfaction style feedback

^^ Tech

* Show iCal feed in pop-up
* -Email Tatango's Adrian about sms & email-sms-
* Write wikitests for existing API
* Build the reminder service
* Email reminders get sent
* SMS reminders (email-to-sms) get sent
* Automate testing the reminder service

Nice to haves:
* Tell users without location services in their browser to upgrade

^ Phase Two

Admin interface to maintain views for other cities and to maintain zones collaboratively.

